# CS340
1. How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future? <br />
    - Artemis Financial is a consulting company that wanted to protect their client’s information by using a checksum. Since they handle customers’ money, security is a top priority. It is important that the software is always up to date and that all vulnerabilities are found and fixed. <br />
    2. How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future? <br />
    - How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests? <br />
    3. What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better? <br />
    - Artemis Financial is a consulting company that wanted to protect their client’s information by using a checksum. Since they handle customers’ money, security is a top priority. It is important that the software is always up to date and that all vulnerabilities are found and fixed. <br />
